# CS-330-Final-Project

#### How do I approach designing software?
I approach designing software by breaking the overall task into smaller tasks. While this may seem more time consuming, it needs to be done to ensure that software works as intended. The design skills I was able to craft from this project was the ability to create shapes, turn those shapes into 3D objects, texture those objects, and add lighting effects to enhance the scene. Working on this project's milestones is a prime example of how I approach designiong software. The end goal was to create a 3D scene based on a real world scene. Clearly, a lot of work and understanding of OpenGL needs to happen in order to do this, so working on it in bits and peices is the most effective way to achieve the overall goal. I believe this is why most courses that are project based are designed by using weekly milestones to help complete projects, as it better prepares students for future work in their careers.

#### How do I approach developing programs?
I approach developing programs in the same way that I approach developing software. Breaking progam functionality down into smaller functions is the best way to design and develop anything. In the case of developing this program, I spent a lot of time looking at the code provided to me in the course resources as well as analyzing projects made by former students of this course. Things could get confusing at times because the resources were a bit overwhelming and provided different examples of how to do things. I tend to learn better when I can work from one piece of sample code that explains how to do something. Iteration factored into my development by allowing me to create new objects and design features by basing new features off of features I learned how to create in previous weeks. I often found that I would reference how I did things the week before in order to tackle the requirements for the current week. I was essentially building new knowledge off of what I had already knew. My approach to devloping code evolved throughout the milestones by really analyzing what changes to the code would do my scene. This course was different from any other I've taken because the project was truly unique and my own, so understanding what my code was doing proved to be more important than what I've been used to doing so far in my learning process.

#### How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Computer science helps me reach my goals because the root of computer science doesn't have anything to do with computers at all. I've found that computer science is more about problem solving than anything else, and that applies to far more than just technological problems. This was by far the most difficult class I have taken so far, so I feel more confident in my abilities as I move forward towards my degree and my career after graduating. Computational graphics may not be an area that I want to go into professionally, but the principal of learning something so unfamiliar and succeeding at it will benefit me far into the future. 
